Q. 
Explain the main components of client-server architecture and their functions.


Ans.
The client-server architecture is a distrubuted application framework that divides tasks between server and clients. They can either reside in 
the same system or communicate through a network like the internet. There are three main components in a Client-Server Architecture, they are 
as follows:

    1. Workstations:

    -> A workstation is the system of the user, or you can say it is the  "client's computer". Workstations use various kinds of Operating Systems, 
    like Microsoft Windows, Linux, Ubuntu, etc. It sends requests to the server, or server asks the workstation for information and performs tasks
    in the form of a central repository of programs, policies, files and databases. Workstations are required to work under policies befined by the 
    server.
    
    Its functions are: 
        a. To send signals/requests to the server side for data
        b. To process whatever data/information is required by the server side
        c. To manage state information and cookies
        d. To send HTTP/HTTPS requests to the server

    2. Servers:
    -> A server is a high-performance device with a very fast processing speed and a robust storage and memory so that it can handle a big number
    of requests from many clients simultaneously. A server serves as a central repository for network files, programs, databases, and regulations,
    independent of the role it plays. It simplifies maintenance and backup because it does not depend on user setups and is able to be universally
    deployed across network.

    Its functions are:
        a. To recieve signal/requests from the clients
        b. TO manage all the resources such as databases, files, etc.
        c. To manage sessions for each client
        d. To ensure secure access to the resources through various mechanisms

    3. Networking Devices:
    -> In a client-server architecture, networking devices connect server to the workstations. It can be said that these networking devices are the
    medium of communication for server and clients. 

    Various networking devices have their own functions and attributes, these are as follows:
        a. Repeaters - These function by transmitting data from one device to the other
        b. Hubs - These help in connecting a server to various workstations
        c. Bridges - These are employed for segmenting isolated networks





