Q. 
Discuss the various career paths after completing a web development course.


Ans.
Web-Development refers to the task of creating, building, maintaing various sorts of websites and web applications that can run on a browser.
Learning Web-Development requires learning web design, web programming, and also managing databases. By mastering a web development course, 
one can choose any of the following career paths:

    1. Front-End Developer:
    -> Front-End Developers handle the part of websites and applications that are visible to user, that a user can interact with. This includes 
    mastering HTML (Hyper Text Markup Language) and CSS (Cascading Style Sheets). HTML helps in making the structure of the web page. And CSS 
    helps in improving the eye-catchiness and the interface of the page.

    2. Back-End Developer:
    -> These developers handle everything aside from the looks and feels of the site. HTML and CSS help the site look good visually while These
    Back-End developers handle all the back frame work of the website or the application. It uses technology like JavaScript with various other
    frameworks on top of it. It includes tech like React, MongoDB, Exprexx, NodeJS. Using all of this one can handle the working of a website or
    an application.

    3. Full Stack Developer:
    -> If someone can master both front-end and back-end engineers, he/she can become full stack web developer. This means that you can do both
    front and back end jobs meaning you can make entire websites and applications by yourself. You can also make mobile applications.

    4. Web Designer:
    -> The job of a web designer is to manage the design and layout of websites. Web Designing is the process of planning, conceptualizing, and 
    implementing the plan for designing a website in a way that is functional and offers a good user experience. User experience is central to 
    web design. To become a web designer one must have deep understanding of UI(User Inferface) and UX(User Experience) and must be experienced 
    with programs to make design elements. Programs like Adobe, Inkscape, CorelDraw are used to create animations, graphics, icons, logos, etc. 
    
    5. Web Administrator:
    -> Website administrators help a company by maintaining its website and enhancing its online presence. A website administrator ensures that 
    a website is functioning properly and maintaining the image that a company or organization wants to convey. This can involve working with the
    technical side of websites, such as troubleshooting issues, setting up web hosts, ensuring users have access and programming servers. However, 
    website administrators can also help with user-facing aspects of a website, like its appearance, navigation and use of media. 



